Disney came out against Florida’s parental rights bill attacking Republicans who backed it.

Days later leaked video from Disney came out showing employees discussing the company’s strategy to inject “queerness” into programming.

They faced backlash over this.

From The Daily Caller:

The Walt Disney Company has not made a public statement or responded to requests for comment from the Daily Caller News Foundation regarding leaked videos which purport to show employees discussing the company’s strategy to inject “queerness” into programming.

The videos were released Tuesday by Manhattan Institute senior fellow and activist Christopher Rufo, who said the clips were from a Disney company meeting about the Florida Parental Rights in Education bill.

People in the videos, who Rufo identified as Disney corporate president Karey Burke, executive producer Latoya Raveneau and production coordinator Allen March, reportedly discussed their efforts to promote gay and transgender content, according to the videos.

The woman Rufo identified as Raveneau reportedly said Disney’s leadership was very welcoming of her “not-at-all-secret gay agenda,” according to one of the videos.

GOP lawmakers are now going after Disney.

A special session is set to begin Tuesday which will look into ending Disney’s special privileges.

From WFTV:

Florida legislators will consider whether to end special districts put into place before 1968, including the one that gives Walt Disney World Resort essentially its own government, during their special session that starts Tuesday.

Gov. Ron DeSantis made the announcement that special districts would be added to legislators’ agenda in a news conference on Tuesday in The Villages.

The purpose of the special session, which starts at noon on Tuesday and continues through Friday, is to redraw the state’s congressional maps after DeSantis vetoed the maps passed by the legislature during its regular session and called for a special legislative session to draw them again.