The backlash against Bud Light is growing.

Country Singer John Rich removed Bud Light from his bar in Nashville after they partnered with transgender activist Dylan Mulvaney.

He founded Redneck Riviera, a popular bar and restaurant in Nashville.

NEWS4SA reported:

Country singer John Rich removes Bud Light from his Nashville bar after transgender deal

American Country singer John Rich shared a poll on Twitter after the backlash of the controversial Bud Light transgender deal.

John Rich tweeted a poll asking fans if they are thirsty for a Bud Light now? About 97 percent of his followers voted “Hell Naw” while 2 percent voted “Yep”. He also asked his 900,000 followers what beer he should replace for his Nashville bar.

He went on Tucker Carlson Tonight to talk about it.

He said, “Our number one selling beer up until a few days ago was what? Bud Light. We got cases and cases and cases of it sitting back there. But in the past several days you’re hard-pressed to find anyone ordering one.”

Fox News reported:

“The customers decide. Customers are king,” Rich said Monday on “Tucker Carlson Tonight.” “I own a bar in downtown Nashville. Our number one selling beer up until a few days ago was what? Bud Light. We got cases and cases and cases of it sitting back there. But in the past several days you’re hard-pressed to find anyone ordering one. So as a business owner, I go, hey if you aren’t ordering it, we got to put something else in here. At the end of the day, that’s capitalism. That’s how it works.”

…

Rich, the founder of Redneck Riviera, a popular bar and restaurant in Nashville, asked his Twitter followers last week to weigh in on replacement suggestions after pulling Bud Light from his bar.

“It’s their right to market it however they want. They’re making a bet [that] this is going to sell more product,” Rich said. “…What’s happening, Tucker, is people who have been loyal to brands for decades and decades are finding it hard to stay loyal to them, so they start hunting down other brands that they can support. There are tons of up-and-coming American brands out there that people are flooding to, kind of like mine.”

Go woke, go broke.